Party boy has fun
Put it on the Ritz
Try it!
missingno
<marquee>SWAG!</marquee>
Actually made something once
Enjoys to eat food
<a href="http://stormyjet.com/cancer>Best website ever</a>
GARY WAS HERE! ASH IS A LOSER!
I once tried to make things, they didn't end well
<a href="http://gifnice/?gif=42">gifnice.com</a>
The only website you will ever need.
<p style="size:1pt">hahah you cant see this text probably</a>
ECH! 
WARNING: MAY CONTAIN PEANUTS
butts
poop
lol
I maik de funnyz joakez.
You need to take a step back.
THERES SO MANY CHOICES TO CHOOSE, WHEN WILL I GET THE RIGHT CHOICE OF THE CHOICES THAT I CAN CHOOSE FROM
Buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo 
</html>
#candyloader on twitter
Wrap a burrito in a blanket and carry it like a baby. People will be like "Enjoy them now, they grow up fast" and you can be like, RELAX IT'S A BURRITO!
I have no more text, so here is some random letters: we9ufhweiugiuewhgiwehgiuwehiufewqhf
I personally enjoy listening to the sort of music that is commonly referred to as "dubstep"
Actually, friday doesn't work for me, can we move the fighting to saturday night, Elton?
I have heard that the men are back into the small township
I enjoy OPENING people's bedroom WINDOWS in the NIGHT and stuffing THOUSANDS of GEESE into their ROOMS
Turn around, Bright Eyes, your eyes are glowing. Seriously that looks dangerous, we need to go to the ER
EVERYTHING IS AWESOME! EVERYTHING IS COOL WHEN YOU WORK AS A TEAM!
Everyone will be all confused about this, because it's a new thing every time.
How deep does the rabbit hole go?
I make stupid things and put them on the internet.
EVERYTHING IS AWESOME WHEN YOU'RE LIVING THE DREAM!
No I don't understand sarcasm, I only took it for a couple of years in Highschool and all I really remember is this sentence.
Just another brick in a wall
Stormy's Website
It's illegal to eat food everywhere
FDA Recalls all food
Vaccums are illegal
Webpage insurance, $19 a month
Hosted on GitHub
Powered by HTML
Created by Stormy
Once tried a bison, it was okay
BUT WHO WAS PHONE?
Can escape it's irresistable grasp
Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?
Just and earth bound misfit
Hoenn confirmed
Sinnoh confirmed
Kalos confirmed 
Kanto confirmed
Actually not hired by google
Please do not 
Can you even?
What
Why are you doing this?
Most trees are blue
How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
